How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It focused my search between the lines that actually changed versus manually going through each line

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can understand the development of a project

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: When programmers make a mistake, they can easily go back to the previous version
    Cons: When auto saved, cannot go back to the previous version

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    It allows multiple people to work on a file for each version

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Not sure

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    I feel very confortable, because I can break things easily but always go back to the working copy

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Version control

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    I can fully understand what changes were made and when

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	
	Pros: Can create a commit when you believe a logical grouping occurred or whenever you feel it is appropriate
	Cons: Not able to do logical groupings

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	
	Because there are dependencies between files (one function in one file will call another function in another file)

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

	git lot displays all the commits for the history of a fie
	gif diff displays what lines were added or deleted between two files in a commit

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

	I can always checkout a previous version to determine where a bug might occur